Do you want me to teach you how to entertain guests?
Brother Xiong, they stole the video
Bad rules, right?
two
Keep your hands and feet clean on my turf
That's all dogs into bears
A black 1 million inspection fee is not respectful
Oops hahahaha
Oops, Boss Guo
Your lady is full of sincerity
You don't have to sell it
Hey, hahaha.
Humph
To tell you the truth
The goods are not in the warehouse.
Mobile sales in the car
Here are all the car numbers. How many do you want?
No wonder Gu Chengxiong endangered one side
And they rarely get caught.
I see
Kids make choices.
Give me a price
dollar
Oops haha old big
Our friendship for so many years
Don't be a lion.
$21 deal
Give me a bank card number.
It will arrive within five minutes, hahahaha.
If it doesn't arrive in five minutes
The carry has arrived.
What other options do you have?
Good Xiaoqiang
Bank card number
Brother Xiong, I'm here
stand at attention
All go